Update versions and CHANGELOG.md (#375)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-typescript: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.6.0 (21/09/2020)

**olp-sdk-core**

> - Removed custom header `User-Agent` from the requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the `User-Agent` custom header from the requests.
```

> - Removed the `User-Agent` custom header from the requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed the `User-Agent` custom header from the requests. This was necessary due to issues sending a custom user-agent in Mozilla browsers.
```

Same for the line below.

**olp-sdk-authentication**

> - Removed custom header `User-Agent` from the requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the `User-Agent` custom header from the requests.
```

- Updated `@here/olp-sdk-fetch` to version 1.6.0.

**olp-sdk-dataservice-api**

> - Added generated functions and interfaces for supporting Authorization APIs. You can find it in file `@here/olp-sdk-dataservice-api/lib/authorization-api-v1.1.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added generated functions and interfaces for supporting Authorization APIs. You can find them in `@here/olp-sdk-dataservice-api/lib/authorization-api-v1.1.ts`.
```

**olp-sdk-fetch**

- Updated dependencies.

**olp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> - Fixed issue with caching partitions metadata without additional fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the issue with caching partitions metadata without additional fields.
```

> - Started using RequestFactory from `@here/olp-sdk-core` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Started using `RequestFactory` from the `@here/olp-sdk-core` package.
```
